document subPath limitation (#1328)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/end-user-guide/proc_mounting-a-secret-as-a-file-into-a-workspace-container.adoc

[id="mounting-a-secret-as-a-file-into-a-workspace-container_{context}"]
= Mounting a secret as a file into a workspace container

> WARNING: We use Kubernetes VolumeMount `subPath` feature to mount files into containers. This is supported and enabled by default since Kubernetes v1.15 and OpenShift 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: {prod} uses Kubernetes VolumeMount `subPath` feature to mount files into containers. This is supported and enabled by default since Kubernetes v1.15 and OpenShift 4.
```

Reviewer: Or, as an alternative: 
```suggestion
WARNING: Kubernetes VolumeMount `subPath` feature is used to mount files into containers. This is supported and enabled by default since Kubernetes v1.15 and OpenShift 4.
```
